feat: Add ui5lint-disable directives (#327)
SAP/ui5-linter: README.md

  ];
  ```

## Directives

UI5 linter supports directives similar to ESLint's configuration comments, allowing you to control linting rules in specific sections of your code.

* **ui5lint-disable**: Disables all linting rules from the position of the comment
* **ui5lint-enable**: Re-enables linting rules that were disabled by ui5lint-disable
* **ui5lint-disable-line**: Disables all linting rules for the current line
* **ui5lint-disable-next-line**: Disables all linting rules for the next line

### Specifying Rules

> You can disable specific rules by listing them after the directive, separated by commas:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can disable specific rules by listing them after the directive. Rules must be separated by commas if several are given:
```

* `/* ui5lint-disable no-deprecated-api */`
* `/* ui5lint-disable no-deprecated-api, no-deprecated-library */`
* `// ui5lint-disable-line no-deprecated-api`

> A description on why a rule is disabled can be added after the rule name, separated by two dashes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An explanation why a rule is disabled can be added after the rule name; it must be separated from the preceding text by two dashes:
```

* `// ui5lint-disable-next-line no-deprecated-api -- explanation`

### Scope

> Directives are currently supported only in JavaScript and TypeScript files, **not** in XML, YAML, HTML, or other file types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Directives are currently supported  in JavaScript and TypeScript files only; they are **not** supported in XML, YAML, HTML, or any other type of file.
```
